good morning good afternoon good evening
this is only from wholesale - help calm
in today's video we're gonna be talking
about how to spot a fake wholesaler
welcome along
all right of em welcome everyone over to
the wholesale help private Facebook
group this is where we're hanging out
every day chatting about eBay Amazon
ecommerce generally buying and selling
online and you can too if you haven't
already you can sign up for free to the
wholesale help members club by clicking
on that thing that's just appeared on
your top right of your screen it's free
to sign up and you'll also get access to
a load of audio interviews video guides
ebooks and much much more so come over
sign up and hang out with us it's a lot
of fun and you'll learn a lot too so
this is a post that came up this week on
the private Facebook group so I thought
what a good opportunity to have a look
at a fake wholesaler now as you can see
here we have a very nice-looking young
lady called Alyssa would be she would be
a nice young lady if she existed but
alas she is not real picture is
obviously a sample lady who's had their
picture stolen and put into this fake
facebook account there's a good clue
that this is fake in that it's been
totally empty apart from that picture
and another picture of a poor girl
that's had her picture stolen from
somewhere else it's empty there's no
friends there's no about profile there's
no other photos there's no nothing so
that should set alarm bells ringing if
you ever get talking to people with
nothing in their accounts then you've
got our ask yourself why that is so
anyhow this person Alyssa
put a post on the group saying Oakley
wholesale just for you come and pick
what you like sixteen dollars just two
days left miss or Never
I don't know what miss or never means
this is another early sign that this
person may not have the best command of
the English language incidentally if
you're thinking about coming over here
and spamming the Facebook group then
don't bother because I'll simply do this
delete post and ban user
I've already banned Alyssa unfortunately
she's been kicked to the curb or the
purveyor of tat has been kicked to the
curb and I've left the post just as
something that we can all learn from why
not so let's go and have a look at this
oakley website shall we so here we can
see the oakley website at first glance
it doesn't look too bad at all it's been
relatively well put together it's got
all the oakley labels on it and all the
oakley logos it says welcome to oakley
outlet online shop free shipping on any
three purchase again grammatically
incorrect now let's have a look at
another few clues as we scroll down you
can see that on this website you have
the opportunity to buy just about every
different model of oakley sunglasses
there is known to man they have
everything and look it every single
model is discounted ninety-five percent
from nearly three hundred dollars down
to sixteen dollars almost too good to be
true wouldn't you say that's right it is
too good to be true you can't get these
sort of discounts from a normal
wholesale account it probably costs
Oakley more than sixteen dollars to
produce their glasses they are state of
the art they used the best material
iridium lenses very very high quality
optics that costs a certain amount of
money to produce certainly they wouldn't
devalue their own brand by offering a
ninety five percent discount off their
entire range that just doesn't happen
that's another big warning sign I know
sometimes it's easy to ignore the
obvious warning signs because you're
thinking of how much of a great deal it
is and you want it to be true because
you want to profit from it and you want
to get on and build your business not
use your common sense
once you start looking at the details of
a website like this it should become
clear to you that you need to stay well
away so I hope this short video has been
of use to you keep your eyes open when
you're looking for wholesale contacts
use your common sense take your time ask
for references if they're a decent
supplier they will always have contact
them
of people that you can get in touch that
are previous customers and are happy to
recommend them do your homework use your
common sense be careful out there people
you